Add a test API for asserting that throttling is reached #1131 (#1167)
wemake-services/django-modern-rest: docs/pages/throttling.rst

and error responses will have the needed ratelimiting headers.

Testing
-------

.. note::

>   ``dmr.test`` ships helpers to drive an endpoint to its limit and assert the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``dmr.test`` and our ``pytest`` plugin 
   ship helpers to drive an endpoint to its limit and assert the
```

and error responses will have the needed ratelimiting headers.

> Testing

Reviewer: I would just leave a not here with a `:ref:` to the testing page, where all this information must be located ;)

Author: Absolutely. Moved.

and error responses will have the needed ratelimiting headers.

Testing
-------

Testing that an endpoint is throttled usually means driving it to its limit
first. Sending the configured ``max_requests`` in a loop is slow for large
rates such as ``1000/hour``.

Instead, use ``assert_throttling`` from ``dmr.test``: it temporarily lowers the
endpoint's first throttle to a small ``max_requests`` (``2`` by default), drives
that many allowed requests plus one more, and asserts the ``429`` — exercising
the full request cycle with a genuine response and headers. It returns the
rejected response so you can make further header assertions:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/throttling/testing.py
  :caption: test_reports.py
  :linenos:
  :language: python

Only the endpoint under test is affected; its throttling is restored afterwards.
Use ``aassert_throttling`` for async controllers.

For finer control -- custom bodies or auth, or asserting exact headers -- use
the underlying ``reduced_throttling`` context manager and pair it with
``assert_throttled``:

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: We generally prefer not to have any non-runnable code in the docs :)
